[Music]
you can spend hours in front of your
computer for the easiest tasks or
complete them within minutes by using a
couple of simple key combinations
the second option sounds way more
tempting right so if you want to make
your computer experience more effective
here are some new ways to use the most
popular keys number one letter keys you
can probably name a couple of shortcuts
with letters off the top of your head
right now but there are way more of them
than you think so it's time to get to
know the most fascinating ones better
pressing e to gether with the windows
logo key opens up explorer so you can
instantly find a file you need if you
want quick access to the download window
in your browser click ctrl with J or
command + J for I Mac this shortcut will
allow you to see all the files that are
currently downloading your browser
history can also be open through a
similar command control H for Windows
and command Y for Mac OS to select all
items and texts in the browser page or
document you're working on click ctrl +
8 if you want to remove or delete it
ctrl D can be very useful the windows
logo key + L combo luxe your PC or
allows you to switch users if you're not
the only one who uses the computer you
can open the ease of access center with
a letter command by pressing the windows
logo key and you number to escape we
often use escape to close something but
did you know that this key can be used
for numerous other purposes if you want
to upgrade your computer skills here are
just a couple of Escape key combos you
should remember the first surprise is
that you don't necessarily need to use
the windows logo key to open the Start
menu escape with control can do the same
thing just try it
windows task manager is essential for
anyone who works on their computer to
have easier access to it
press escape + ctrl + Shift + save your
time whenever you have way too many
programs open at once use escape and alt
to switch between them it's way quicker
than using a mouse and it allows you to
switch between programs in the same
order the
were opened Mac users have their own
useful escape commands - for instance
press escape along with option and
command can help you instantly choose an
app to force quit finally if you need to
exit magnifier escape + the windows logo
key will do it for you
number 3 tab most people rarely use the
tab key but just like pretty much every
key it can come in handy when you need
to save time and complete a task faster
let's see have you ever had so many
Google Chrome windows open that it was
hard to cope yep we've all been there
thankfully if you need to switch quickly
between them the tab + ctrl combo will
certainly become your favorite you can
also go back to the previous tab by
pressing tab ctrl + shift open apps and
programs on your computer can also be
controlled by using the tab key if you
have windows press tab ctrl + Alt + use
the arrow keys to switch between all
your open programs if you're a fan of
Apple tab + command will allow you to do
the same thing you can browse through
all your recently used apps by using tab
+ the windows logo key command moreover
if you don't have a mouse and need to
move around on the screen press tab with
the up or down arrow it's just as
comfortable and quick as working with a
touchpad number 4 alt using the Alt key
on its own is rather useless but
combining it with other keys can help
you deal with almost any situation you
can imagine Alt + f opens File menu
options for whatever program you're
working in Alt + E takes you to edit
options if you want to see the
properties of a certain file or folder
without looking for it in the settings
select the file and press alt + Enter to
see all the information you need if
you're tired of high contrast or on the
contrary want to turn it on press alt on
the left side of your keyboard along
with the left shift and printscreen keys
there's a similar command for
controlling the mouse keys as well but
here instead of print screen you should
press num lock to close all google
chrome windows completely at the end of
your session press alt with f4 or
command + Shift + w if you're using iMac
by the way you
can also select the address bar in one
click with the Alt + D shortcut whenever
you need to see the jump list for the
program pinned to your taskbar use alt
the windows logo key and the number of
its position in your taskbar no mouse
necessary number 5 shift most people use
the shift key purely to type a capital
letter however it can control a bit more
than that some keyboard settings can be
turned on and off with shift shortcuts
for example holding right shift for
about 8 seconds switches the filter keys
function on and off and pressing shift 5
times control sticky keys if you scroll
to the bottom of a browser page and need
to move back up press shift + spacebar
to go back to the beginning plus if you
accidentally close the window Shift +
ctrl + T or Shift + command + T for I
Mac will quickly bring it back number 6
control almost all shortcut combos have
the control key is one of their
components and as you probably already
know most of them let's talk about some
interesting control options you may have
missed if you're working in Microsoft
Word you probably use bold italic and
underline text options a lot instead of
doing this all by mouse you can select
the text and press ctrl + B I ru for
bold italics and underline text
respectively you can also move the
cursor forward or back one word as well
as forward and back one paragraph by
pressing ctrl + the arrow keys if you
often zoom in and out of a page while
working in a browser try to press ctrl +
the plus or minus keys next time as
opposed to using your mouse instead of
typing the whole name of the site in
your browser's address bar type only its
name
for instance Facebook and press ctrl +
Enter the command will add w w and calm
and send you to this address all by
itself you can add the site to your
favorites later by using the ctrl + D
shortcut and you can view all your
favorite sites by pressing ctrl + I if
you're on a network and need to find
PC's press ctrl the windows logo key + F
to complete the task right away
number 7 windows logo key everybody
knows that the windows logo key
quickly opens the Start menu or the
previous window if you prefer Windows 8
but there are actually many more useful
combos with it that can make your life
way easier the windows logo key + 8
opens the Action Center for any device
with Windows 10 pressing the windows
logo key with B can help you select the
first icon of the notification area if
you need any other icon you can choose
it using the arrow keys the windows logo
key ctrl + B can instantly switch your
computer to the program indicating a new
message in your notification area and if
you have way too many windows open at
once press the windows logo key with em
to minimize them don't worry if you need
to maximize them back the windows logo
key plus the up arrow will do the job
when it comes to an active window the
windows logo key can also stretch it to
the top and bottom of your screen if you
press it with Shift + the up arrow way
better than dragging your mouse cursor
all over the screen what shortcut key
combinations to use the most let us know
in the comments section below while
you're at it don't forget to give this
video a like share it with your friends
and click Subscribe stay on the bright
side